So let's review the basics of e-commerce or everything that you should keep in mind before launching
your own store.
If you want to sell physical problems such as books or electronics or clothing or shoes furniture or
computers you have to be aware of the shipping cost.
Always keep in mind that shipping cost the module to handle shipping is Bondra in almost all e-commerce
solutions.
But there are things that you have to keep in mind when you're creating your own store.
You should define if the shipping is going to be for example fix.
So let's say $20.
You know the order is also based on the weight or amount of brokes.
So if this shipping is going to be free or free.
If the user buys at least $50 or $50 or $100 or something like that these options are available in almost
all e-commerce solutions.
If you're selling digital brogues for example music or movies games images software illustrations courses
and more you can saw this has a bundle.
So selling that bundle is like Grubin works with other similar products so they can be sold subscriptions
monthly or yearly or something like that.
So for example if you're sitting in a photoshop course you can charge the users by month and they will
have access to the courts.
So we need to see the difference between a self-caused that site or an e-commerce solution.
Maybe you made a search on the Internet and you find that you can create the online stories C-Leg with
services like Wordpress dot com or Shopify.
But let's see the difference between a self-caused that site with combers and an e-commerce hervé solution
so very simple to sell across that site could be a combers Web site.
All right so there are other options like press the shop or Magento it's start to configure previously
with your own payment methods and your brogues and this that on us whether you have contracted in the
other hand e-commerce solutions are services that your contract which will be paid monthly or a yearly
and Gwen's you paid you're going to start adding products and selling them.
Some examples are Shopify or weeks.
So were present to come.
So the Bross of self-hosted site is that you have access to a source code and you can make changes in
the design to achieve exactly what you want.
You can access the customer data an answer you can modify the purchase procedure and how everything
should work in your Istar the costs of a self-hosted site.
Normally it will require technical knowledge which you will learn in this course at least for commerce
but surely it takes more time to lounge because you can't do either of the produce you have to add the
images and everything you can to set up your payment gateway to configure the cost in the main everything.
And task such as maintain and backups updates should be done by or says so that throws a funny commercial
solutions such as Gurpreet that come weeks or Shopify Guadalupe you're going to start adding products
and selling them and so not technical knowledge required.
Backups and security I don't buy the service provider but please double check these.
If you decide to use this options so they can solve an ecommerce service solution.
You have to pay monthly or yearly and the plans can go from $29 per month to two hundred ninety nine
dollars per month.
And if you're just starting That's a lot of money right.
So a lot of stores will share the same template that really come on because the creators of these solutions
Normally they create a template and they have thousands of clients and usually come one that some clients
share the same template.
They are limited and normally they share common functionality but it's really hard to have a special
solution.
Maybe you want to make some changes and you will find that it's really really hard to make those changes
or impossible.